Our job is to give the business what it needs, which sometimes it's what it's asking for.
Yes. Welcome to A.B. Testing Podcast, your modern testing podcast. Your hosts,
Alan and Brent, will be here to guide you through topics on testing, leadership,
agile, and anything else that comes to mind. Now on with the show. Everybody, it's Alan.
And Brent. And we're here for the final 2023 episode of the A.B. Testing Podcast. Welcome to episode 191.
191. Paladrome.
It is. And I'm going to go right to the end here. This is our year-end episode, the national
tradition, where we talk about what we thought was going to happen last year. And one of us predicted
that the final episode of 2023 would be episode 192. And one of us predicted it would be episode 191.
How is that for accuracy? But the winner is the winner's angry weasel because angry weasel is
always right. And the funny thing is I said in the podcast and I didn't do as I said
191. And I'll be right because I have control over these things.
But it happened. I want to go into it. Yeah, we're going to talk about.
Now I understand why we had to push out the.
You dropped out for a second. Hopefully that audio will come through whatever you said.
Yeah, we have a lot to talk about. Go ahead.
No, no, no. I was just about to say now I understand why Alan passive aggressively wanted
to push out the recording bite because we were originally going to do two recordings in December
and that would have made this next one 192. And that would have been our last.
No, I gave you an option last week.
I completely understand.
I will post the text. I gave you an option.
I only looked at the stats last night, Alan Page. Yeah. Okay. I get it. I get it. All right.
You take your way. You take your way.
I will. I will. The winner is here. So what we do in this for those those who that are new listeners
is we're going to recap a little bit what happened. We're going to talk about shows. We like podcasts.
We discovered things we liked in 2023 and then we'll make some predictions about 2024.
We are not very good at predicting the future, but sometimes we're better than other times and
we're going to see what happens. So before we get started on that, I'm going to go through our
wrapped our Spotify wrapped for 2023. Anything else going on? We should start any interesting
news and excitement. Are you still in review season at Microsoft or is that ended yet?
No, no. I am experiencing the performance boost from the team, an unexpected performance boost
from the team in holiday season. And I think this has a direct result of quality connect.
Exercises to back up that point, there are plenty of studies showing high correlation between
engagement and I'll come back to that in a second because that's going to tie into what you said
between engagement and employee engagement, not getting married, engage with your jobs
and productivity, quality of that product, velocity, et cetera, et cetera. A lot of engagement just
comes from knowing why your job is important and getting feedback. So it would make sense that if
you have good discussions with your team that you will get they will do more better work.
We are going to walk through our recap of the last year of AB testing podcast.
AB testing podcast is hosted at anchor FM. This is not an ad for them, which eventually got bought
or was always owned by Spotify. I can't remember. So because Spotify gives you a year wrapped in
music, we get a year wrapped in what our podcast did. All right. Do you remember? What do you think?
I mean, you probably can't remember what our episodes were last year, but what do you think
our most popular episode was last year? Most popular episode, I'm guessing.
Do you remember the names of any? You don't know the names because I named them after we
record them. So you wouldn't know, but the topic you'll remember.
Brent being Brent as Brent looks to look at the names of our podcast from last year as he
launches Spotify. Well, no, because I already listened out the one we did with Brian, but would.
Oh, that was that was a good one. I forgot Brian's last name. Talked about Strengths
Finders because you love Strengths Finders. Not our most popular podcast. Our most popular podcast
is, you know, people love our controversy, even though it's not controversy. It was episode 184
where we answered the question, is testing a dying profession? Oh, we, we, uh, we click
beat people on that one. Okay. Got it. It was, it was streamed 835% more than our average episode.
So yeah, that got a little bit, uh, a little bit crazy. We have some new listeners this year.
78% of our listeners discovered us in 2023. I don't know how true that is. They discovered us.
This is all through Spotify. Spotify is all through Spotify. So it's not, it's,
I think it are small numbers. These may be numbers may be skewed. So Spotify thinks
Spotify thinks we added like what 12% of our new listeners started listening at episode one,
which is a really horrible idea. Do we decide like in the fifties is the right place to start?
Uh, I think we said 67. I think so. It's, it's, it's under Slack channel.
We get that question asked so often. I'm surprised we haven't hooked up the, uh,
the auto bot thing. Oh, you know what? I can do that. Remind me. Okay. Someone remind me someone
post someone who's in our Slack group, you can go to moderntesting.org to join our Slack group.
Talk a little bit more about that in a minute. But if you go there and remind me,
I will set up the bot to automatically answer that question. Should it be asked
other interesting data? Uh, we, of course the blah, blah, blah. We were streamed in 66 different
countries. Um, the U S of course, being our top country, 20% of total streams, UK next, uh,
no, Germany's next followed by the UK, Netherlands, and then India. Interesting.
Yeah. That's what I thought. Interesting. Our listeners is good, but what else are they into
our top podcast genres among our listeners are comedy, technology and news. Uh,
no, it doesn't. We provide really none of that. Uh, well, it depends on if you're laughing with
us or at us at yeah, I guess, you know, we provide entertainment for, you know,
cleaning the toilet, emptying the cap box, things like that, right. Uh, something to distract you
from life's a more mundane or disgusting source. Certainly not much related to news. Absolutely.
But unless news is an acronym, but I'm guessing not. Here's a weird thing. 12% of our users shared
our podcast over WhatsApp and our most shared episode was episode 178 on testing versus quality.
Our podcast rating is 4.6. That's I think out of five and not 10, but either way.
Wait, one 78 is not testing versus quality. Well, that's what Spotify told me. What was the
number for testing versus quality? Oh, I'm, I need to get my eyes checked. It is 178. I was.
Okay. So you're just, you're just dumb. No, the 176, the six look like an eight.
I'm just blind. Not though. Well, I could be both. I'm going to go with the latter.
Fair. Just to be fair and transparent to our, our listeners. We grew 11% in listeners,
13% in streams. I'm not sure what the difference really is and 55% in followers. I'm not really
sure what a follower is. Someone could explain that to me. I think it's when you don't really know
when you just click the stupid little automatic algorithm with lots of little pictures tells me,
uh, we were a top 10 podcast for 500 people, 502 people, 500 people need to get a life.
Better podcasts out there. I, I, that is wrong. You could be getting so much more value from your
listening time. We were a top five podcast for 355 fans. And no, I never listened to our podcast
after I published it. So I'm not inflicting the numbers. Uh, the three, the three listeners are,
are going crazy. But here is the really scary part for some of our listeners out there. We love you
all three of you, and we would have nothing to talk about without you. But there are so many
good podcasts out there. We're going to talk about a few in a minute, but we are the number
one, listen to podcasts for 108 people. Wow. Please give some advice to those people.
There are also on Spotify, plenty of podcasts around self help improvement,
feeling better about yourself. Yeah. You know, um, maybe, maybe,
I don't want to, I gotta be careful here. I don't want to go dangerously over the line.
Yeah. Uh, we love the listeners. We appreciate it. We're only joking, right? Because we don't
understand it with our bar. Like we're old QA folks and we absolutely know the quality, uh,
is not there with the podcast, but those who we do, we do provide, right? The community is fantastic.
If nothing else, I would say the AB testing podcast has created just a fantastic community.
Yeah. I changed my mind. I'm not going to, I'm not going to say anything.
Brant's right. Fine. Fine. I'm better at self-deprecation. We, uh, thinking of our
community and I mentioned going to modern testing.org to get a link to our Slack group.
As of last year at this time, we had 864 people in our Slack of the three, probably the three people,
you know, 200 times each year before we had 742, we are up to 951. So Brent, are you ready for the
first prediction of the 2023 year end AB testing pod? Oh, I can already guess. Yes. I'm ready.
What day and I'll put it on my calendar to check closest to closest to the pin wins.
What day will we have 1000 members in the general channel? Do we have the way to figure that out?
No, it's a guess, man. No, do we? Yeah. Yeah. I can, I can see how many are in there.
I will set a count. I'll, I'll watch it and make an announcement when we're there,
but today we're going to pick a date. So you said, what's the current number?
The current number is 951. As of last night. And it was what? 864 a year ago.
All right. February 29th. I went a little farther and just, I put mine in ahead of you.
I said May 10th for no reason. I like Feb 29. I will put calendar reminders to check and I'll,
I'll watch that throughout there. I think you're right that if we're going to get to a thousand,
it'll be on the push of this episode, maybe getting people to tell friends about it,
hoping that'll balance the people leaving the pot, the slack group.
Yeah. What was the stat that you said the first stat that 78% of our listeners
first, first listened in 2023, which I think is skewed by that means they first listened on
Spotify is what I think that really comes out to. So that's not totally true. But if you're
listening to the podcast and you have questions about it, you want to know how it applies.
You want to talk to other people who are trying to apply modern testing principles.
Get out there and join our slack group. It's free. It will remain free. It's so free that
the messages roll off after 60 days or whatever, because I can't afford to pay for slack because
they have their business model stupid. They either have free or pay a gazillion dollars.
If I could pay 50 bucks a month to have some features that will come with the
paid for slack that would work for a nonprofit like AB testing slack, I would do this, but
you don't cause you're dumb. I love you. I hate you, et cetera. So anyway,
join the slack group, drive the numbers up, hit a thousand or, or, or don't, but wait until April
or may and do it then. Whatever you do you just, just a slight push. Hey, do you, do you know
what I'm speaking as a Spotify, I was gonna ask this earlier. Do you listen to Spotify?
You use Spotify for your music. What does your rap say? What's your number one artist of 2023?
Uh, I played a thousand 91 songs. Uh, getting to the, uh, I'm too lazy to pull mine up. I just
remember it. Mine's pretty obvious. No, it's not actually obvious. It's my number one,
my number one band is a band we haven't talked about on here because I absolutely love their
latest album. My number one was acoustic alchemy. I remember that group. They, they are my go-to
when I need to fake mindfulness. And it says my peak listening month was April. I was surprised
when it said that was my number one, but there was a time early in the year where
those bad boys were on repeat, but followed it. I'll give you my number two and number three
fallout boy. Number two in weezer number three. Oh yeah. Interesting. Interesting.
So I don't have mine up. I know that arcade fire were number one for me because they had a new album
come out in late 2022 actually, but I listened to the crap out of it throughout the year.
Number two, and there's some caveats on these because I'll tell you why in a minute.
Number two was bowling for soup and number three was actually Taylor Swift. And the reason,
I don't know if you do this or not, but my whole family, well, meaning my wife and I,
really, we use our Amazon smart devices to play music all the time. But my wife and I listened to
overlapping, but varied artists. She had the nerve to tell him to ask me,
why does anyone listen to Bob Dylan? She slept on the porch that night.
Two in the morning all about the magic of Bob Dylan. So what I have is I have a Spotify family
account and I have a Amazon device only. I'm not saying the name on purpose. So when we ask the
Amazon device to play a song, it uses a non-existent family member named Amazon to play that. So I should
look at that user's rap to some point and see what won out among our listening because that's what I
listen to. I'm taking a shower or in the kitchen cooking a lot of times, although now I have my
record player and my vinyl collection in there. So not as much. But anyway, so it gets a little
weird. So it's really just stuff that I listened to in my office. It's the same for me. My whole
home is wired. All the devices in my home are wired to a generic Spotify account.
And then my devices are to my account. So I haven't looked at that that wrapped either.
Where was a music wrapped? I wrote one sentence to describe my 2022. I should have given you
homework to do this yourself, but you wouldn't have done it. I wrote down off the top of my
head in 2022. I started blogging again at angry weasel.substack.com. I changed jobs,
believe it or not. I left Unity and joined the new company. I got COVID for the first time
and I walked all the way around Mount Rainier. Not a bad year. What do you look back on in 2022,
Brett? So honestly, I look back on 2022. I'll come clean on the podcast at some point in time.
Not now. The only thing that I think about is I survived. I survived and I'm surviving
the current life change that I'm undergoing that you are aware of. And everything else is a
bloody blur. Understood. Understood completely. I do think back to 2023 and definitely think
it sucked way less than 2022. Yeah, I think so even though I got COVID.
And I think I said 2022 at the top. It's 2023 looking back. I did those things.
Some questions from last year. Did you do any art this year? I did. Not much, but I did.
I had one project and I had one project that I really wanted to get done. I got it done.
I have not done show and tell. So I picked the wrong one.
It's podcast. Nobody's going to see. Yeah, it's just for you.
You know what? I know that in 2021, you had done quite a bit and tapered off in 2022,
but I'm glad it didn't stop completely and that you're still doing it. That's great.
I'm still doing it. I have purchased a whole bunch of gear. I'm waiting for
one more thing to come and I'm going to get back into it. I got all kinds of new technical stuff.
Definitely plenty on getting back into it. Very cool. Very cool. Let's talk. We're getting
in predictions here in about 10 minutes, but the original, let's look back a little bit on
the entertainment of 2023. Let me get the years right here. What did you stream? Did you watch
things? What do you recommend from the world of streaming and television entertainment?
I just, oh, okay. I will tell you the absolute thing that has been a huge passion at our
household, the anime Demon Slayer. Oh, I should ask my daughter about that.
I'm going to write that down. It is great. My daughter got me into it.
Now it's at a point where I'm like, what do you mean you're going to bed? I'm the parent here.
We've got another episode to watch. Which streaming network is that on?
Hulu. Okay, got it. They announced season four just last week. Apparently, it's not going to
come until probably 2025. I'm like, damn it. There'll be other things. I'm going to add that
to my list. Thanks for that. What else? I started watching the prequel to Game of Thrones.
Oh yeah. Yeah. New season just came out, right? I don't know. It's hard to keep up. I'm going
through it slowly. It's not attracting my attention nearly as much. I'm spending a lot more
time on YouTube nowadays. Joshua Weisman, he's kind of a... Do you know who Alton Brown is?
I know that name. Where do I know that from? Alton Brown was well known for a show called
Good Eats. Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. What I loved about him is he spent more time explaining
why recipes work. He honestly walked you through how to do things, but it wasn't just like watch
two random people cook things in front of you. He explained the science behind it, so I always
liked that. Oh, I would like that too. Joshua Weisman is the closest thing I've seen to a Gen Z
version of it. He's damn funny, really enjoying it. As well as Uncle Roger, who's now become a
meme. Are you adjusting your... So yeah, there is... Joshua Weisman is fantastic. Uncle Roger on
YouTube is fantastic. I was addicted early on to Davey504, who's just this one guy who's just
a killer bass player. I mean, he's a phenomenal bass player, but on shows like the usual thing,
I am absolutely maintaining. I'm up to date on everything Marvel, everything Star Wars.
Although there's nothing really... My daughter and I were really excited about Loki season two.
I liked it. I liked it. Did you? Yeah, I did. I'm like, okay, so he becomes the...
No spoilers? Okay, I liked it. The thing happens, and I'm like, really? Really? I'm not even gonna
say why really, but... I thought it was a... I thought it was a reasonable ending to that season.
I just finished Loki like literally a couple days ago. I have just started Secret Invasion,
and then I'll be all cut up on Marvel. I'm still a series behind on Star Wars,
which series? What was the one that just came out recently? I can't even keep track. There was the
one... I don't remember the name. The Mandalorian? No, I'm kind of a Mandalorian. There was something
just came out, right? Not just, but like four or five months ago. All right, we'll find it
a little bit. I'll dig it up here. I was looking at my list, and I realized everything that I
really liked this year was stuff that... Well, there were new seasons this year, but it came out.
There were sequels and things. Invincible, of course, I've talked about before. New season is out.
I'm not quite done with season two yet. I just think it's a really cool show. The Bear? Did you
ever watch The Bear? Ahsoka? Ahsoka? That's the one I haven't watched yet. Okay. All right. Did
you ever watch The Bear? No. So The Bear, New Seasons Out, I loved. I think they did a fantastic job on
that with the character development and having people grow in the different ways. I'll leave it
at that. And then I totally binged The Morning Show on Apple TV all three seasons. And I thought
both Reese Witherspoon and Jennifer Aniston were fantastic in that. I think I really got sucked
into it. And I think we watched all three seasons over the space of a month. It was ridiculous.
I enjoyed that a lot. On YouTube, what do I watch? I watch hiking videos and things like that.
Anything else? Sometimes some sounders highlights. I think there's a new season of Welcome to Reksum
on Hulu, which I have not watched yet, but I do watch the weekly Reksum highlights that Ryan
Reynolds team he owns. That falls into my list. But other than that, it's kind of random.
The HBO Max, I have really begun to get addicted to a show called Last Week Tonight by John Oliver.
Kind of like in the Stephen Colbert type bent of a news commentary. I'll say
whether you agree or disagree, he's still funny AF. Yeah, I think that covers it on my side.
What I want to talk about now, a couple of our predictions from last year, I want to revisit,
get your opinions on. And then we'll do a little bit of what do we think is going to happen in
2024. And then we'll wish everybody a happy holiday and happy new year. I got to a few of these
already, but I want to quote you from a prediction from last year. Remember, this is December 2022.
And there was a fairly new thing out called Chat GPT. We didn't even know at the time how much it
would be part of our conversations throughout the year, but we were playing with it. We had a hunch.
And you said, Chat GPT will be the fastest online service ever to bring in $1 billion in revenue.
And didn't it do that? I'm going to go with, I am a dentist scientist, but if I don't look,
then I can't be wrong. I'm going to go with yes, absolutely. And I asked what's the revenue model,
because I didn't know that. I mean, I pay for it. I pay my $20 a month for
access to dolly three and GPT for for sure. I'm paying for that myself. I don't even know the
price tag, because I honestly, at the moment, I'm not certain I care.
The other thing that came up was talking about Chat GPT and the modern testing principle that
I sent this to you. You've seen these. I'm going to share them with the group here.
But you wondered out loud, hey, we're talking about modern testing principles and detractors.
I don't know if, in hindsight, I wouldn't call the people that think the principles are harmful
to testing detractors. They just have a different approach. I think we very much care about quality
and delivery. And some people have called our, including myself, have called our principles
delivery principles rather than testing principles. But you all know where they came from.
They're not modern. They're not testing. It was just us talking about how do,
what does it look like once we get out of traditional testing? So go ahead.
To me, it hasn't really connected this succinctly for me until you just said this.
To me, the modern testing principles, in essence, states the modern tester
cares more about quality than about testing.
Yeah. And that's the difference. LinkedIn, it's interesting,
stays filled with conversations that aren't URI. And often from devs, there's a dev,
Brian Finster, who basically embodies modern testing, but it came from development. He talks
about how devs should own their testing and testers jump in and say, no, you need a specialist
to ensure that the customer has the right solution. And he just laughs at him. And he's
very good debater. And I love seeing folks out there like they get it, but it's fun.
Fine. I mean, testers is testing a dying profession. Yes, but it's going to take a long,
long time. But you wondered out loud. Hey, I wonder if I, I'll do my best Brent imitation.
I wonder if I can get chat GPT to write rewrite the principles and the voice of art attractors.
And I, I heard that I did my research. I listened to that and I thought, oh,
Jason Arbin made a really cool thing that knows all about all these people. I'm going to go ask
his little thing. And you have to have chat GPT for it to do this or the paid version. But
I said, no other context. I said, rewrite the modern testing principles as if Michael Bolton,
James Bach wrote them. They're too long to read every little bit here, but it did a pretty
good job. Again, it's a different approach. It's not, they would never write the things
that we wrote because they're, they care about different things. But what they came up with,
I think is super fair. And I'm going to go through all of them. First one, focus on the
business through skeptical inquiry. Now use critical thinking to question the status quo
and uncover the real needs of the business. I think there's, there's value in that.
Oh, I, I don't know that they would state that, but I, I absolutely.
I don't know if they would either. I bet. And I'm not going to, I'm just, you know,
chat GPT is not putting words in their mouth, but they did a good job taking the principle we had,
you know, our priorities, improving the business and then kind of lensing it through RST.
I will absolutely state that I absolutely believe. And just as just to use absolutely one more
time in the sentence that that, that last sentence is absolutely important. Right. I tell my,
I tell my team, for example, our job is to give the business what it needs,
which sometimes it's what it's asking for. Yes. Yeah. I do want to get quickly through these,
but yeah, we talked about eliminating bottlenecks, identifying and limiting bottlenecks.
The lens on this one is emphasize individual skills over processes, which is a little weird,
but we can get into the text. It says recognize the values of things like lean thinking,
the stress, the importance of the individual testers skills and intuition, identifying,
addressing bottlenecks, continuous improvement through it. We talked about being continuous
improvement. They say continuous improvement through exploratory testing, which I think is fair.
Well, what do you mean by fair? It's a fair amalgam. Is that what you're commenting on?
I think it's a fair view of that principle through the lens. What this has done here,
which is kind of a genius of the, the, the generative AI is taken our principle and says,
what would this mean? What would this principle mean under this RST lens and changed it? And
to be something closer to what they would say. And of course, James and Michael,
if you're listening to this, thank you. Thank you for joining the conversation.
We're in different places in the world here. So if you're mad at this stuff, tell me and we'll
have a discussion about it. Totally fine. I just wanted to clarify that you weren't necessarily
making a statement of whether or not you would agree with the, yeah, I just, this is our fourth
principle talks about the quality culture. They say nurture a culture of quality through critical
thinking text around that. Like that's again, I think that's, that makes sense from that RST
perspective. We talk about the customer's only one to evaluate the quality of the product. And the
art and the version here is respect the customer's perspective that validate independently while
recognizing that the customer is a crucial judge of product quality, maintain an independent critical
stance and evaluating quality, questioning both the product and customer assumptions.
I think what this one does is it takes our view like the customer and I truly believe this only
the customer can truly evaluate quality. We can't fake it for them, but it actually applies
their stance of critical distance and their stance that they do have to defend the customer.
Yeah. The only thing that's triggers for me is, is realizing that there's, that there's yet again,
another ambiguity with, with our principle five, like you and I are on the same page,
but we also think in terms of system thinking. So we're probably interpreting number five the same.
Right. I don't, I don't view number five necessarily meaning, uh, the customer's always right.
I don't interpret it that I interpreted as the customer is the judge,
but sometimes the customer will say things and do different things. Correct. Correct. And, and,
and for me, the definition of quality would involve at minimum the overlap between those two
sets of things. Yeah. And for number six, we talk about the importance of data and we use data to
make decisions. And I like, like if I was a tester, like if I was a dedicated tester and I wanted to
follow the principles in a way that took advantage of my critical thinking and my tester mindset,
air quotes abound, uh, they say use data as a guide, not an answer, employ data extensively
to understand customer usage, but treat it as a guide for exploration and questioning rather
than a definitive answer, which I think is good. And there was a time in my career when this is
what I would do. I would look at our, I would use the customer usage patterns to help me determine
where I should spend more time testing. Like if I said they're spending a lot of time here,
seem to be struggling, I would go test the crap out of that thing. So I think there is from an
exploratory point of view. And I think a lot of exploratory testers want to ignore that data
because they, they can feel like they don't need it or it's maybe they don't want to go find it.
This is just based on experience, not actually an evaluation of the world of software testers,
but that data is available by all and your, in your job, your, you identify as an exploratory
tester. Yeah, I would say by all means take that data and use it as a guide to do better
testing based on what customers are actually doing. Let me give you a pop quiz of sorts. How
would you stack rank the following options, data only intuition only or both? Obviously both. Both
data intuition. Okay, we are on same page. Not surprising. That was an easy question.
Yeah, no, I know. I was just thinking through because use data as a guide, not an answer.
Now you, you, what you asked it to do is rewrite, essentially rewrite our principles,
leveraging the philosophies learned by, by the other two gentlemen. And I think this is
doing the right thing, right? I don't think, I don't think we actually disagree with this.
No, I think it's interesting that puts that take on it. And this is why, again,
I want to go back and say that a lot of people who are poo pooing, like this, I think
is a valid and interesting and thought provoking use to generative AI. I use gen AI to help me
think differently about things. The people that complain about it say like, oh, it can't do math.
It can't sort things alphabetically. It does. Like I don't want it to do those things. I know
how to do those things in fricking Excel. What I wanted to do is prompt it in a way
that helps me think about things differently. And that's why I pay for us. Why use it? That's
why it's totally worth it for me. Our last principle in the modern delivery slash testing
principles is around not wanting dedicated specialists. And Brian Finster on LinkedIn
talks a lot about the problem, which is great. I don't know Brian, never met him,
but I like what he has to say. The lensed version here is expand test testing capabilities
through skill development, encourage the development of testing abilities across the team,
but focus on enhancing individual skill sets and critical thinking abilities over process
adherence, which is very similar to one of the other answers. But the last thing,
let's just for some framing say in this reinterpretation, the principles reflect
a more critical individual focused approach consistent with their philosophies and RST
emphasize the importance of skills, skepticism in the role of the individual tester and
questioning improving software quality. So I think it did a good job at that. I don't think,
I do not think to be clear that Bocken Bolton would write a set of principles like this,
nor would they even believe entirely in what was written here. But I was impressed in the
ability of Gen AI to take something that's really not at all like RST and take the,
the essence of each of the principles and twist it in that world. I thought it was just
really amazing. Yeah, it did. Like, like, as, as I've said here before, GPT is currently the
world's best parent and it can parrot all sorts of fun things. The moving on the last
prediction that I did not come true is every year I say I'm going to get to Cole Forest
on the podcast and every year I don't, but I'm going to predict the game for 2024.
I also have another prediction for 2024 that I've been thinking about a lot.
I am going to be a part of trying to make your prediction come true.
Okay. I, uh, okay. So Gen AI it's long, of course, everything's about gen. Gen AI.
You are a big co-pilot fan and I thought you said you were. So I think, so co-pilot is a generic
term. Uh, it, uh, depending on the context, co-pilot, I'll just say I am, my actions and my words
at work are very much polarizing on that topic. Okay. So I think, so here's the challenge.
Something I tell teams a lot is you can use co-pilot and use these, these tools to help you
understand how to write, generate code. And this is not, you know, code generation of visual studio
five, whatever it was with templates and things don't check in what you don't understand. And
here's what I think is going to happen. And this is important for people who identify as testers,
as well as developers, we are going to see a lot more use of generated code, uh, in our applications.
And I don't know, I think it can happen in 2024 where the ability to read code and understand it
becomes more important than the ability to write code. I think code reading and discernment and
evaluation and code review of computer generated code is going to become a critical skill due to
the massive increase in generated code. I totally see where you're coming from. Uh,
if it weren't for one thing, I think I would wholeheartedly agree with you. I'm only half
heart, maybe, you know, 80% heartedly agree with you. And that is, and that is
GPT is a fantastic interpreter of code. By the time we get second half of the year,
we're going to see articles about this and we will see what happened, but that's my prediction.
No, I can hear you now, man. What do you think is going to happen? What do you think is going
to happen in 2024? Well, so let me, let me go back to what I just said. Have you ever taken
a snippet of code into GPT and asked it, what does this do? I think I have, and it does really well.
It does phenomenally. So I definitely see GPT coming more and more integral. I'm in fact,
encouraging my, my, my still my daughter that's at home to, to get more familiar,
get more accustomed to it. Cause I do think that is going to be an ever increasing skill.
I will, my, I'm going to state a prediction and it's one that honestly, Alan, I hope
doesn't come true, but I believe it will. And that is, I do think we will see
the first API next year. Ooh, fun stuff. That will be a game changer.
I mean, this, it will pull any of that game changer. I'm just like, yeah, the word game is not.
Fair enough. It's interesting that both of our predictions are around AI.
Well, so we haven't gone through what our favorite episode was this last year. And
I tell you, we can do that. We can do, I have a couple of things for the rapid fire around.
No. Okay. I'll just say, I'll just say mine on the favorite episode. Unless you have that in,
no, let's go there. Favorite episode. The one where we talked about chat GPT.
Wasn't that was all of them.
There was actually one where you titled, uh, shockingly we don't talk about AI or something
like that this episode.
Brent reads the show notes. It's so cool. I did do that once. Yeah. We, I think we can't not talk
about it. AI is part of how we get work done now. Yeah. Yeah. There's a, there is a scenario.
Like there's a scenario that I, so you and I have talked about this before, like the,
the Mark 20 quote, I was going to write you a short, short letter, but it was taking too long.
So I worked your long one instead. Right. Right. I didn't have enough time for a long one instead.
Yes. Right. I have found a strategy to solve that problem using GPT, which is,
so let's say you're writing an email. They are responding to an email and it's one
that I'll just give you a hypothetical. Hey, GPT, I'll paste, paste the email thread into GPT
and then give it a prompt of write it a polite influencing response to this email that covers
the following three points. And I'll lay out the points that are really important to me and
assist me. And then of course it will do it. And then I'll review it, make sure I like it.
And then I'll then give it an example of my writing style and tell it to now rewrite that
in my writing style. Well, oh my God, is it good at that? And the point is that should all be
automatic. One, I don't like chasing my, my company emails into, you know, open AI.chat,
but it was company. Right. Okay. So here's the deal. That should all happen automatically.
You should automatically, as I reply to emails, it should be training itself on how I reply to
things and the language that I feel is cringy. No, I want it to do it. Cause here's what I want.
Here's what I want. Chat GPT to do. I want to look at things before I even see them and it,
and reply with things like this feels like a conversation that would be bet more
applicable to Slack or Teams. Like I'm so tired of getting discussions in email. I want to get
my email walk cleaned out. I hate email conversations. Email is for sharing information
and meeting requests. And I want my AI to enforce that for me, but I like it. I think it could be
cringy. It could be cool, but this is, I mean, is this what Office Co-Pilot is going to do?
Probably one day. This is where the place was where I said, I'm some places. I'm not a fan of
co-pilot. Some places I. Quick rapid fire. And then we got to go. So favorite episodes one with chat
GPT for me, it's quality versus testing. Who do you want to have on as a guest next year for me?
It's Nicole for his good and go. Nicole. Absolutely. Nicole. I already said that you
got to give me your own one. All right. Taylor Swift.
You said rapid fire and you already limited my top one. So.
Oh my God, you're awful. Okay. What will be our, Oh, on what day will we hit? That's too easy. We're
going to get to episode 200 this year. That's for sure. Barring any, you know, major problems,
but we're, this is going to be episode 191. What episode will we be talking about next year?
Like what will be our final episode of 2023? Sorry, 2024.
I think there's two possibilities here and I'm going to go with 210 or 201.
Yeah. 210 or 201. Okay.
Tell me why. I already written down 211, but tell me why.
Oh, I went with 210 because it's, you know, two one. Oh, 201. I see that as a possibility
because I recall that you are planning on going on a non trivial soul searching
hike around the universe. That was originally the plan, but, uh, with, you know, job changes and
kids and things, uh, it's going to be postponed for a little bit. I'm not sure what I'm going
to do that. Okay. But yeah, that would have been right after 201. Yeah. That was originally the
plan. Good memory. The thing is, the thing is, is I'm like, okay, I don't know when he's coming
back, but I'm certainly not letting them go until we recorded. Yeah. To bring that up.
Episode. Cause then that would be, as you know, my two hunt. Yep. Yep. It's all about me.
It is. It is all about you. I'm not let the universe tell me what to do with my life.
There. That's what I'm going to do. I got to run, but this was a good look back, good look forward,
some good ideas. I'm going to hope that, uh, our software does the right thing here,
but this has been episode one 91, our last episode of 2022 happy holidays, everyone. I'm Alan.
I'm Brent and we'll talk to you next year.